fix unnecessary warning when using bitand with boolean operators (#81976)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

  such as attempting to call ``free`` on an unallocated object. Fixes
  `#79443 <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/79443>`_.

> - Clang now does not warn in cases where bitand operator is
>   intentionally used with boolean operands, distinguishing it
>   from potential typographical errors or unintended bitwise operations.
>   Fixes (`#77601 <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/77601>`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clang no longer warns when the ``bitand`` operator is used with boolean
  operands, distinguishing it from potential typographical errors or unintended
  bitwise operations. Fixes #GH77601.
```
